#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Section
Angle
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We know that people behave differently in different settings.
 We furthermore know that people socialize differently in different settings.
 We also know that geography plays a consequential role in shaping human
 behavior and in tie formation.
 Literature on link prediction and geographic behavior is linked to this.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Section
Open questions
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
What remains unclear is whether place actually matters or it is just the
 people you happen to meet for the evolution of social ties.
 How we assess this? We are looking at the added predictive power the different
 variables give our model.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
What is the effect of setting on different types of interaction networks?
 We construct three different networks and analyze the effects.
\end_layout

\begin_deeper
\begin_layout Enumerate
Parsimonious network: It does not matter where and when you meet, just that
 you meet
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Work: Your colleagues from uni
\end_layout

\begin_layout Enumerate
Social: The people you 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

socialize
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 with
\end_layout

\end_deeper
\end_body
\end_document
